##Class Design Problems
Design an allergy class with name, symptoms and severity of patient and how would you add it to a patient class. Asked about debugging skills and parameter checking. Track history of patient with allergies. Validate any one field of allergy class.
Design a medication class dealing with dosages, quantity, duration, start, end date, so on and so forth. Add frequency based on prescription Handle situations with dealing with duration or as needed meds. Technical questions on possibly bugs and how would you handle . How would you design an object to keep track of a patient's medicine schedule? 

Design a Medication Notification class where the nurse is notified to give patient a medicine based on his dosage schedule, 4 times a day for a week etc. Also design a method in which if the patient had to take a medicine only when needed

Design a temperature class dealing with temperature, and how do distinguish when someone has a fever or their temperature is higher than normal. How would you design an object to send an alert if a patient has a fever, given temperature readings every few minutes? Design a Temp Class which takes input as C, F or K and also consider the part of body from which temp is measured. Give a result through a method whether the patient has fever or not. Track patients fever in every one hour and create a report based on the analysis.  Construct a class for Person Demographics. What kind of data types you use?  Was asked to design a Temperature class for recording Temp for every hour (Used a circular queue which the interviewer liked )
a question about log case situation having thread id and process id( glass door has the question posted can refer it if needed) , Was asked to write a scheduler method for the told class , it was a difficult question as they are expecting us to know the calender and date class 
